# New Energy Hackathon 2025

Repository to manage all research, artifacts, and solutions developed by our team during the New Energy Hackathon 2025. This includes project documentation, code, prototypes, and insights related to our participation in the hackathon.

## Project Structure

The project is generated by [PDM](https://pdm-project.org/en/latest/) and follows a standard structure for data science projects. Below is an overview of the directory structure:

```plaintext
.
├── data
│   ├── raw
│   ├── interim
│   └── processed
├── notebooks
├── reports
│   ├── citations
│   └── figures
├── src
│   ├── new_energy_hackathon_2025
│   │   ├── data
│   │   ├── features
│   │   ├── models
│   │   └── visualizations
├── tests
├── .gitignore
├── LICENSE
├── pyproject.toml
└── README.md
```

## Getting Started

To get started with the project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine.
2. Install the required dependencies using the `Makefile` command:
   ```bash
   make requirements
   ```

This will set up a virtual environment and install all necessary packages.

### Data

The `data` directory is organized into three subdirectories:
- `raw`: Contains the original, unprocessed data files.
- `interim`: Contains intermediate data files that have been cleaned or transformed but are not yet ready for analysis.
- `processed`: Contains the final, processed data files that are ready for analysis and modeling.

To download, clean, and process the data, you can use the following command:

```bash
make data
```

This will execute the data pipeline and will output required datasets in the respective `data` subdirectories.

### Notebooks

The `notebooks` directory contains Jupyter notebooks used for exploratory data analysis, model development, and other tasks. Each notebook is named according to its purpose and should be self-explanatory.

### Reports

The `reports` directory contains all reports generated during the hackathon. This includes citations, figures, and any other relevant documentation. The reports are organized by date and topic for easy reference.

To generate reports and presentations, you can use the following command:

```bash
make reports
```

This will compile all reports and presentations and save them in the `reports` directory.

